MOF-808 updated input files (#6)
paesanilab/Data_Repository: MOF-808/README.md

lmp_nve_mbpol: LAMMPS input file for running micocanonical ensemble MD simulations with MB-pol.

lmp_umbrella_sample: LAMMPS input file for running umbrella sampling MD simulations with MB-pol.

plumed.dat: PLUMED input file for running umbrella sampling MD simulations.

CONFIG.01: the DL_POLY_2 input file for the initial configuration of MOF-808 at 5% RH.

> FINAL_CONFIG.01: the DL_POLY_2 outputfile for thelast configuration of the MOF-808 loaded at 5% RH after randomization and full 1 ns NPT run.

Reviewer: Add a space here
```suggestion
FINAL_CONFIG.01: the DL_POLY_2 output file for the last configuration of the MOF-808 loaded at 5% RH after randomization and full 1 ns NPT run.
```
